b5 with Clarisse hi everybody
some of you who's seen this already so
I'll keep it relatively brief but I just
thought I'd demo what we've been working
on with query and specifically I think
for this crowd skylark transformations
or one of the more interesting bits is
that really visible okay so I'm sorry so
what do we do
what is query we make a data set version
control system we spent a lot of time we
think that we can propose a sort of
document model for called data sets that
helps standardize and make document data
set interchange and interoperation far
better so all of this is built on ipfs
we use it and we use loopy to be
extensively but so today just really
quickly I'll show you what a skylark
transformation is we've a lot of people
started like it would be nice if the
code that generated a data set actually
rode with the data set itself and a lot
of people who work in data science
really want Python because pythons great
so after some searching we found a
project that came out of the Google
basil builds tool which is called
skylark and it's the language that is it
is not touring complete so you don't
have wild loops and you don't have
recursion in here so which makes it nice
and secure to sort of make sandbox
executable code environment is also
unlike Python has no global interpreter
lock so later on we could actually do
parallelized versions of this but for
now all this does is this is a simple
example that is going to do a download
step and don't worry we've put a lot of
thought into when and you can and cannot
access the internet and but here we're
gonna do a little hit of an API and then
we're gonna return some data and then
that script is being specified here as a
transformed Sky file and so if we flip
over to a terminal and I'm gonna run is
that so I'm gonna run query add and I'm
just gonna specify that yellow file
which is sort of the manifest of the
entire data set document and you'll
notice here that I'm going to give it
some secrets
which are not stored with the file it's
also gonna warn us that hey you're
giving a script some secrets you should
robably know what's going on but if we
hit enter on this it will now run that
transformation scripts take the output
data and generate a data set smash that
on to ipfs and make it available for us
so if I use query LS I can sort of show
these are the my data sets locally and
then we have our version of ipfs daemon
is query Connect because the word daemon
is scary to some people so we so what do
we what do we have here we now have a
ipfs node running with a query both on
layer on top and so I can do just for
this crud we can do of great peers list
and then we can show the ipfs Network
this is messing with the connection
manager to actually make sure you can
see some of these support the query
protocol and so the wonderful new
connection manager API means that we can
prioritize connections to query peers
anyways
now to show you the actual dataset
itself we'll just hit our our local web
UI in front-end so we ship this both as
an electron app and as a web app that
just moves with your moves with your
installation query so here we can see
the actual body of the dataset that was
generated its structure which is just
basically saying that it's we don't know
much about the actual scheme of the
dataset but it's an array any metadata
that was created with it we get a change
log so it's a snapshot so I can see
everything that was coming along with
that and we secretly snuck in a
visualization template and so we can
actually see this is just an HTML
template that uses the go template
engine underneath the hood so we can
sort of sneak in whatever we want to
render this stuff and last but not least
we are also the transformations themself
our parameter eyes'll so why no love for
JSI PFS yes ipfs and then we can do the
same thing
yeah I know so we're gonna do the exact
same deal and say yes and so all we've
done here is we're sort of thinking like
somebody who doesn't know how to write
scholar transformations we've set up a
configuration set of details and in this
case we've just plopped into the new
configuration instead of changing the
underlying script itself and so if I do
query LS I can now see I have this new
JSI PMS contributes so now someone has
just this is sort of the ideally
someone's just ripping this off the
internet going okay cool
I want to go get my Jess repo instead
refresh this and there's our Jas
contributors and we can see that it's
actually a different list of
contributors yeah so there it is
[Applause]